ParseEmailFiles data_to_md fix (#8011)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_2_6.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

>   - Fixed an issue where the body text of the email was None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where "None" values of the text body of the email were causing the script to fail.
```
